Update fleets for reference section (#2012)
balena-io/docs: pages/reference/OS/updates/self-service.md

![Update device](/img/common/updates/update-os.png)

> Updates can also be made to multiple devices in the same fleet. From the device list, click the checkbox to the left of any online devices you wish to update. Then click the *Group Actions* button in the upper-right corner of the dashboard, followed by *Update {{ $names.os.lower }}*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates can also be made to multiple devices in the same fleet. From the device list, click the checkbox to the left of any online devices you wish to update. Then use the *Actions* dropdown in the upper-right corner of the dashboard, and choose the *Update {{ $names.os.lower }}* action:
```
